[Music]
why is dream specs way better than real
sex because they come when you want them
to girl that is so true when I'm done
neck done hello
ever think about all the stuff we've
done and wonder how we did not die it's
a cultural thing we are too bad as
planes like those [ __ ] who raised
Wonder Woman we've worked our asses off
we've opened up our own store while
women we're four hundred and
ninety-three thousand dollars in debt
[Music]
I'm Clara Luna I am going to invest 1.7
million dollars on you we would love but
in my experience business and friendship
don't always mix you don't have to worry
your pretty little head my head is not
little it's just that my breasts are
humongous you want to be a businesswoman
you're gonna have to act like a boss you
have to fire him what don't hate me hate
mail was her idea witness my tragic
moment introducing a new product at her
launch party she just wants to steal our
ideas we gonna break this bitch's back
now we'll get Claire right now she will
jump punch that [ __ ] in the face I
would marry you if I was in the coochie
those two peppers they are very spicy
just a little sliver goes a long way
your peppers are really hot it's goat's
milk so to coat the throat
you